Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
-♪ ATL! ♪
-♪ Wow! ♪
- ♪ Yeah! ♪
♪ Where we at? ♪
-♪ ATL ♪
♪ ATL ♪
-♪ We in the… ♪
-♪ ATL ♪
-♪ We in the ATL ♪
-Yes. sir!
-♪ ATL ♪
-Atlanta. westside!
- ♪ ATL ♪
♪ We got a band in the ATL ♪
♪ They playing music
And they playing that shit oh so swell ♪
♪ We in the ATL
You know we do it big ♪
♪ This is The 85 South Show
And we the shit ♪
♪ We got a lady on the violin
That's playing strings ♪
♪ We got a nigga on the horn
He be bah-bah-ing ♪
♪ We got a nigga on the drums
He be drumming good ♪
♪ We got my nigga J.O.N. ♪
-♪ He be screamin' "uh!" ♪
- ♪ Hold up ♪
♪ Hold up. Chico
Let me take you to my hood. ya dig? ♪
♪ Adamsville. Zone 4. yeah
Where it's all good. ya dig? ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Martin Luther King. Bankhead ♪
♪ Them girls over there
Their coochie… stankin' ♪
♪ What? No! Hold up. no. uh-uh ♪
♪ What? No! Uh-uh! Hold up ♪
♪ What? No. uh-uh. no. hold up ♪
-♪ A-T-L-A-N-T-A ♪
-Give me one more and one below.
-♪ I think she about to cheat ♪
-♪ She got fungus on her lip ring ♪
-♪ Ooh. she got fungus on her lip ring ♪
♪ She ain't changed it since 2013 ♪
♪ She keep giving niggas head ♪
♪ Come on. y'all ♪
♪ Get on up! ♪
♪ Get on down! ♪
♪ Get on up!
I said get on down! ♪
♪ I said I don't know why
Everybody's mad at me ♪
♪ Being out here… ♪
♪ Come on. y'all. get it!
Huh! ♪
♪ Give it to me now ♪
♪ One. two. three. hit me! ♪
♪ Hit me! ♪
♪ Okay! ♪
♪ Everybody in the house tonight
Put your hands in the sky tonight ♪
-♪ That's it ♪
-♪ Booyaka ♪
♪ ATL. we're in here
Party like this is the new year ♪
♪ Say get on down. get on up ♪
♪ Party. everybody
You know we don't stop ♪
♪ Watch me now! ♪
♪ Gave her a Phillie. here's to my billi ♪
♪ Lady right there
Got the real long titties ♪
♪ Everybody know it. everybody know it ♪
♪ I hope it don't fall out
'Cause you gonna show it ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ Did a lot of shit
Just to live this here ♪
♪ Lifestyle ♪
♪ We came straight from the bottom
To the top ♪
♪ My lifestyle ♪
♪ And I'm livin' life like a beginner
But this is only the ♪
♪ Beginnin' ♪
♪ I'm on the top of the mountain
Puffin' on clouds and niggas still ♪
♪ Beginnin' ♪
♪ I do it for my daddy ♪
♪ I do it for my mama ♪
♪ Them long nights
I swear to God. I do it for the come up ♪
♪ And well I be beating on my chest
In the jungle. aye ♪
♪ Money on money
I got commas in every bank ♪
♪ Sunday through Monday
I been grindin' with no sleep ♪
♪ Talkin' 'bout takin' somethin' from me
Like. "No way" ♪
♪ Thugger Thugger. everyone a brother
You don't want no trouble trouble ♪
♪ Or you can get these fists
Knuckle knuckle ♪
♪ Buckle up like a seatbelt
Or I'll shoot ya ♪
♪ Punchin' on the gas ♪
-♪ Too fast ♪
-♪ And I lose ya ♪
-♪ I want a bed ♪
-♪ I'll do her ♪
-♪ I want a head ♪
-♪ Medusa ♪
♪ I swear a nigga gone
'Cause this strong I'm blowin' super ♪
-♪ Hey! ♪
-♪ Grindin' for a new day ♪
-♪ Hey. what we doin'? ♪
-♪ Skatin' ♪
♪ Like that nigga Lupe ♪
♪ Hey. I'm on the top just like toupee ♪
-♪ Hey. I'm in her mouth just like ♪
-♪ Toothpaste ♪
♪ So let's sing to her ♪
♪ Did a lot of shit just to live ♪
♪ This here lifestyle ♪
♪ Let's go! ♪
♪ And we came straight from the bottom
To the top ♪
♪ My lifestyle ♪
♪ And I'm livin' life like a beginner
But this is only the ♪
♪ Beginnin' ♪
♪ I'm on the top of the mountain
Puffin' on clouds and niggas still ♪
♪ Beginnin' ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
-♪ Hey! ♪
-♪ Uh-oh ♪
♪ I say a lot of "what it do"
In this motherfucker ♪
♪ Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! ♪
♪ I say a lot of "what it do"
In this motherfucker ♪
♪ Hey! Hey! Hey! ♪
♪ My niggas been hustlin'
Trying to make him something ♪
-♪ Ain't no telling what he'll do… ♪
-♪ For the paper ♪
♪ Ain't no telling ♪
♪ Soufflé. I'm straight
I steak my plate ♪
♪ Sade. I'm a smooth operator ♪
♪ I drop the top of my whip. baby! ♪
♪ That car I'm driving
Make you feel some… ♪
♪ Type of way ♪
-♪ That custom Breitling make you feel ♪
-♪ Some type of way ♪
♪ This bitch I'm with got me feelin'
Some type of way ♪
♪ Is it 'cause my homies rich
You feel some type of way? ♪
♪ Some type of way
Make you feel some type of way ♪
♪ This bitch I'm with
Feelin' some type of way ♪
♪ Is it 'cause my homies rich
You feel some ♪
♪ Type of way? ♪
♪ Okay. now let's be real
I know you feel some type of way ♪
♪ When I get to biting on her ear
She make that Tyson face ♪
♪ Don't look like that ♪
♪ I drop down to my knees
Thankful for life today ♪
-♪ Thank you. Lord ♪
-♪ No naps. just long sleep ♪
♪ Hibernate ♪
♪ I can tell if he 12. right away ♪
♪ Go through hell 'cause I care
Move you far away ♪
♪ Drop you off late
Know he feel some type of way ♪
♪ I got hoes like golf
Tryna make what Tiger makes ♪
♪ I got a hideaway ♪
♪ And I go there sometimes
To give my mind a break ♪
♪ See. I find a way ♪
♪ To still get through the struggle
What I'm tryna say ♪
♪ And I ain't lying today
When I tell you that I love… ♪
♪ My niggas been hustlin'
Trying to make him something ♪
♪ Ain't no telling
What he'll do for the paper ♪
♪ Ain't no telling ♪
♪ Soufflé. I'm straight
I steak my plate ♪
♪ Sade. what we do? What we do? ♪
♪ I drop the top of my whip. baby! ♪
♪ That car I'm driving make you feel
Some type of way ♪
♪ That custom Breitling make you feel
♪ This bitch I'm with
Got me feelin' some type of way ♪
♪ Is it 'cause my homies rich
You feel some type of way? ♪
♪ Some type of way
Make you feel some type of way ♪
♪ Heard she wanna fuck me
Know you feel some type of way ♪
♪ Mr. CEO is what my title say ♪
♪ Me and my homies G'd your ho
He feel some type of way ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
-♪ Uh-oh ♪
-♪ Hey ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ Don't look like that ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ Thank you. Lord ♪
♪ Hey. yo ♪
♪ Let's go. let's go ♪
♪ Ain't gonna let nobody turn me round ♪
♪ Turn me round ♪
-Gotta smack that ass.
-♪ Turn me round ♪
-It's for my ancestors.
-♪ I'm gonna keep on marchin' ♪
♪ Keep on a-lickin' ♪
♪ Marchin' up to freedom land ♪
♪ Ain't nobody fuckin' with the middle ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Who? ♪
♪ I said ain't nobody
Fuckin' with the middle ♪
♪ Row ♪
♪ You got me fucked up ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Nigga. please ♪
♪ Y'all ain't fuckin' with us ♪
♪ I said. y'all ain't fuckin' with us ♪
♪ Shit ♪
♪ I said. shit ♪
♪ Y'all coochie stink ♪
-Okay. it's our turn.
-♪ Y'all coochie stink ♪
♪ Y'all coochie stink ♪
♪ Y'all suck dick for cigarettes ♪
♪ What the fuck is wrong
With both sides? ♪
♪ I said
What the fuck is wrong with both sides? ♪
♪ What the fuck is wrong
With both sides? ♪
♪ Y'all got a car in the front yard ♪
♪ And it don't work ♪
♪ That is Bryan-Michael Cox ♪
♪ That nigga ain't got on socks ♪
♪ Drop it like it's hot. Auntie ♪
♪ Drop it like it's hot. Auntie. unh! ♪
♪ Drop it like it's hot. Auntie. unh!♪
♪ You either livin' ♪
♪ You can't live where you stay ♪
♪ You cannot stay where you live ♪
♪ Ooh  ♪
♪ Livin' ♪
♪ Whoa! ♪
♪ You… ♪
♪ You been livin' ♪
♪ You either livin' ♪
♪ You… ♪
♪ Ooh. yeah ♪
♪ You either stayin' ♪
♪ You either livin' ♪
♪ Oh. you either livin' ♪
-To all the fellas in the house tonight…
-♪ Can't live where you stay ♪
♪ You can't stay where you live. baby ♪
♪ How many people
Stayin' with God. yeah? ♪
-♪ How many people live for Jesus? ♪
- Come on.
♪ Oh. you gotta stay with God
And live with Jesus ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Can't stay where you live
Ooh ♪
♪ In the name of the Lord ♪
♪ You can't stay where you live ♪
-♪ In the name ♪
-♪ Ooh ♪
♪ In the name of the Lord ♪
♪ Oh. we gonna keep rollin' ♪
-Know what's funny?
-♪ In the name of the Lord ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ We rollin' ♪
♪ In the name of the Lord ♪
-♪ Ooh ♪
-♪ J-E-S-U-S ♪
♪ Name of the… ♪
-♪ Mighty name of the… ♪
-Chico got the Holy Thing.
♪ In the name of the… ♪
♪ Mighty name of the… ♪
♪ Glory name of the J-E-S-U-S ♪
♪ Can't stay where you live ♪
♪ To the J-E-S-U-S ♪
♪ Can't stay where you live. yeah ♪
♪ J-E-S-U-S ♪
-♪ Can't stay where you live ♪
-♪ In the name… ♪
-♪ Ooh ♪
♪ In the name… ♪
-♪ In the name… ♪
-♪ Ooh ♪
-♪ J-E-S-U-S ♪
-♪ You can't stay where you live ♪
-♪ Ooh ♪
-♪ J-E-S-U-S ♪
-♪ You can't stay where you live ♪
-♪ Rollin' ♪
♪ J-E-S-U-S ♪
-♪ J-E-S-U-S ♪
-♪ Rollin' ♪
-♪ Ooh ♪
-♪ J-E-S-U-S. U-S ♪
-♪ J-E-S ♪
-♪ Ooh ♪
-♪ In the name of the… ♪
-♪ In the mighty. mighty. mighty. mighty ♪
-♪ Ooh ♪
-♪ Name of the… ♪
-♪ In the name of the… ♪
-♪ Ooh ♪
-♪ J-E-S-U-S ♪
♪ Everybody. J-E-S-U-S ♪
-♪ Can't stay where you live ♪
-♪ J-E-S-U-S ♪
-Stop this right now.
♪ You can't stay where you live ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ You can't stay where you live. yeah ♪
-♪ Ooh ♪
-♪ J-E-S ♪
-♪ S-U-S ♪
-♪ Ooh ♪
-♪ J-E-S ♪
-♪ S-U-S ♪
-♪ Ooh ♪
-♪ J-E ♪
♪ You can't stay where you live ♪
♪ Hey! Hey! Hey! ♪
♪ What's up? Hey! Hey! ♪
♪ Guess what? ♪
-♪ Let's go! ♪
-♪ We peel out sideways ♪
♪ Get rich to this ♪
-♪ We do 100 on the highways ♪
-♪ Get rich to this ♪
-♪ Thank God for Fridays ♪
♪ Say hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ Get rich to this ♪
-♪ We peel out sideways ♪
-♪ Get rich to this ♪
-♪ We do 100 on the highways ♪
-♪ Thank God for Fridays ♪
-♪ Get rich to this ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ Boy. I done bought D's ♪
-♪ Big body Benz car keys ♪
-♪ Wid dis ♪
-♪ Condos in the Cancun summer breeze ♪
♪ And you know. doin' good fo' sho' ♪
♪ I'm gettin' rich too
Hollerin' out Calhoun know ♪
♪ Nigga. nickeled and dimed
And did dirt for dis ♪
♪ Do a show
And sweat up my good shirt for dis ♪
♪ I snap rap until my flows
Tried to hurt for this ♪
♪ So when I get me a lil' bit
I'mma wear my shit ♪
♪ And if I lose it
I ain't gonna cry about it ♪
♪ I ain't no dummy. goddammit
I ain't about to die about it ♪
♪ Fuck with me. though
I'll let a few fly ♪
-♪ But don't you test me. boy ♪
-♪ Because I about it ♪
-♪ So I'm the major money maker ♪
-♪ Man. fuck these haters ♪
♪ Keep yo' eyes on amounts
Accounts and some bankers ♪
♪ Get high. get fly
Till you get it. gettin' by ♪
♪ Don't switch. come on
T-Mo. get rich ♪
♪ From the bottom to the top
Now it's hot ♪
♪ Keepin' it heated. people about to see
They chasin' after cash in the ass ♪
♪ Suckers crash
On the blast from the past ♪
♪ Goodie Mob. Backbone and OutKast
Whatchu think this was. Black? ♪
♪ Take your sorry ass. watch me blow
Turnin' my lyrics in the flow ♪
♪ This is how it go. and it go
Perfect picture paintin' ♪
♪ Million dollar hold
In the Cascade. in the shade ♪
♪ Well. I'se gon' get paid to dis
Find a wife to dis ♪
♪ I'm bout to cut. like a knife to dis ♪
♪ We 'bout to. we 'bout to
Top top. to get rich ♪
-♪ We peel out sideways ♪
-♪ Get rich ♪
-♪ We do 100 on the highways ♪
-♪ Get rich to this ♪
-♪ Thank God for Fridays ♪
-♪ What's up? ♪
♪ Sign yo' grill wid dis ♪
♪ We put the number two balls
Silk drawers wid dis ♪
♪ Crushed velvet diamond cut ♪
♪ Tonight. Gipp get woozy ♪
♪ Might step outside
And might catch me a floozie ♪
♪ Some loosey double-stitched hoochie ♪
♪ While we chase coochie ♪
♪ We the realest down South. hot two ♪
♪ I'm in your face like kabuki ♪
♪ Get krunk. don't be no lame-brain
Top Bankhead ♪
♪ Props. I'm prayin wid dis. nigga ♪
-♪ Boys on the ave ♪
-♪ Throw shots to dis ♪
♪ Hoes in the club flirt out to dis ♪
-♪ State your name. baby ♪
-♪ And get rich to dis ♪
-♪ We peel out sideways ♪
-♪ Get rich to dis ♪
-♪ We do 100 on the highways ♪
-♪ Get rich to this ♪
-♪ Thank God for Fridays ♪
-♪ Hey. hey. hey. hey ♪
-♪ Get rich to dis ♪
-♪ We peel out sideways ♪
-♪ We do 100 on the highways ♪
-♪ Get rich to this ♪
-♪ Thank God for Fridays ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ One time. say. "uh" ♪